`nomad eval list` command (#11675)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/commands/eval/list.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: 'Commands: eval list'
description: |
  The eval list command is used to list evaluations.
---

# Command: eval list

The `eval list` command is used list all evaluations.

## Usage

```plaintext
nomad eval list [options]
```

The `eval list` command requires no arguments.

> When ACLs are enabled, this command requires a token with the 'read-job'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ACLs are enabled, this command requires a token with the `read-job`
```
